Its mind boggling to me how many people reference history without knowing anything about it.

Most founding fathers were Christian Diests, meaning they supported the moral teachings of Jesus, but NOT his divinity! Thats a whole lot different than what current christians assume they believed. Few believed in any actual supernatural phenomena, including miracles or, obviously, the literal virgin birth or resurrection.

This isnt even secret info, its extremely well documented (they wrote So. Many. Letters.) and its easy to learn outside of politically influenced websites. Like, thomas jefferson even thought himself an atheist before meeting a non-conformist (the religious term) preacher/scientist named Joseph Priestly (who was very good friends with Franklin)!

I support their diesm because religious freedom is good, and tgey gad good ideas sometimes, but all the founding fathers, like other men of their time and class were sexist, racist (many even enslaved actual human beings, while fathering children with them and writing in support of the end of slavery, just after they were dead- some founding fatbers were against slavery, so no, it wasnt some ubiquitous moral failing of the time..which i also think is an offensively absurd defense of these people), and classist rich guys who kept power out of the hands of everyone else, actively or by proxy (americans don't realize how many white men still couldnt even vote after the revolution bc they didnt own land!). Americans need to stop idol worshipping them.